c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\TestBot3.exe.config
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\TestBot3.exe
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\TestBot3.pdb
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.ClientEngine.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\obj\Debug\TestBot3.exe
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\obj\Debug\TestBot3.pdb
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\obj\Debug\TestBot3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomasz.wybraniec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot3\TestBot3\bin\Debug\Media\bot.png
